So my friends, if we talk to you about espionage, about real spies,
not about James Bond, double seven,
it is more than likely that the operations of Mossad,
the CIA and the powerful intelligence services of Russia,
or even the Chinese would quickly come to mind. In fact, to this day,
it is still not unheard of to come across the news stories.
Us closes Chinese consulate in Houston,
amid surge in Chinese espionage cases. Norway arrests man,
suspected of spying for Russia.
Of intelligence is not only fodder for cinema and literature,
but it also remains a fundamental pillar and the security policies and influence
of many countries fighting against terrorism,
keeping an eye on your adversaries and also on your friends,
looking for secrets,
punishing your enemy or meddling in the political workings of a hostile country
in order to destabilize it.
These are just some of the most common operations of an activity that takes
place in a very different world.
From the one that we knew the world of shadows is sessions and distrust a world,
my friends, where the rule of law does not always act as an effective boundary,
not dimension. Of course,
the danger that can come from espionage carried out by countries without limits
countries where human rights,
democracy and personal freedom are conspicuous by their absence.
But to what extent does such activities pose a risk to democracies freedom and
international stability, and what exactly are the risks that we face? Well,
my friends in order to answer these questions and this video,
we have to travel to the Korean peninsula. And there it says,
If we have to give you one example of a country that has lived in an ongoing
espionage war, that country would be none other than South Korea. As you note,
I know the Korean peninsula is the last place on earth where the cold war not
only, never ended, but is as alive today as it was in any previous decades.
Since the 1950s, the incursions are South Korean spines into North Korea,
and much more frequently that of North Korean spies and to South Korea has been
a constant for decades.
Let's just say that since the Korean war armistice was signed in 1953,
in terms of espionage, there has been no truce of the two countries.
The one that has done by far, the most damage has been North Korea,
a country that has not only planted spies,
but also produced elite units trained to carry out attacks in the city.
So.
What do you see,
would you like to know more about what is probably the darkest aspect and the
coexistence of two ideologically opposed States like North and South Korea?
If you do it.
Let's get cracking.
Espionage, a method of survival for Kim.
So friends of visual politics in order to better understand what we are going to
tell you later on, we must first look back and see where this all began.
Specifically.
We have to move to the middle of the 20th century after liberation from Japanese
occupation in 1948,
the Korean peninsula was left divided into with one half under a communist
government,
akin to the Soviet union and the other under a conservative government akin to
the United States and the West.
However that wasn't where it all ended tensions between the two regimes resulted
in the North Korean invasion of the South in 1950 and invasion that led to a war
that did not stop until 1953.
When a ceasefire was agreed upon an armistice that is still in effect to date,
however far from reaching peace and tranquility,
the subsequent decades have been plagued by provocations attacks,
espionage and assassination attempts.
These actions are fundamentally aimed at de-stabilizing the other site,
something that North Korea has been able to push to the absolute limit.
Let's just see the Kims have made their intelligence services,
their prized weapon in the world.
It doesn't matter whether it's to intimidate its enemies gained strength at the
negotiation table, steel, industrial secrets, punished potential opponents,
or even seek ways to circumvent international sanctions.
The North Korean secret services play a key role essential to the survival of
that communist dictatorship.
And it was because spines are so important to the regime that the North Korean
government considers them to be the most senior officials possible to give you
an idea, they're on a par with the generals of the Koreans people's army itself,
and this way, spies have many privileges,
such as high salaries access to higher education and the ability to travel
abroad, which of course is not at all common.
And one of the most secretive and isolated countries in the world.
No, some of you may be wondering but grunt, what exactly are we talking about?
How far do these operations go? What role does espionage really play?
And are you going to butcher more Korean names in this episode?
Do you want details and concrete examples, if you do less than.
A history of provocations.
Green regimes,
hierarchies share one obsession is to make life impossible for their Southern
neighbors. Thus,
while the type of espionage carried out by South Korea has been prominently
aimed at gathering military information and information on the country's future
plans. North Korean espionage has been very, very different.
Obviously in this video,
we are not going to be able to talk about each and every one of the new
operations that have been carried out, which are many.
But we are going to tell you about some of the most striking ones and still my
friends to understand the first one we have to travel back to the 1960s at that
time in the South president park junkie was governing and he had come to power
after a QD tar. And look,
I did butcher the names who would have thought this man, who, by the way,
as the father of the note,
imprisoned former president of South Korea was a deeply conservative and
anticommunist military man, as you can imagine,
it's a character description that the North Korean dictator, Kim Il-sung,
the grandfather of the current did not like very much at all parks hard lane
against North Korea,
his persecution of everything that seemed even mildly left wing and the
diplomatic and commercial openness that he set in motion.
And that puts South Korea on the international map for the first time.
We're more than enough reasons to literally put park in the bullseye.
There were at least two that's right to North Korea and attempts to assassinate
park Chung.
The first one.
Was in January,
1968 31 soldiers from an elite unit of the Korean people's army infiltrates in
South Korea reaching the blue house itself,
the South Korean president's residence and soul,
the North Korean command entered the Capitol without too much difficulty and
managed to go almost unnoticed until they were only 100 meters from the blue
house.
It was at that moment that security teams protecting the South Korean president
discovered the operation fire was an exchange between the North Korean command
and the South soldiers and police and exchange that took the leaves of the
command and dozens of South Koreans.
All of this happened just 100 meters from the president's bedroom. Finally,
the assault ended with the capture of one of the members of the operation.
The rest of those who survived,
the shooting took poison to avoid being interrogated.
No, really.
It took poison like that as literally something I took a James Bond movie,
North Korean spies are trained and indoctrinated to simply take their own laves
before being forced to reveal any information to the enemy.
Obviously this extreme decision is influenced by what may happen to their
families. As you can surely imagine in North Korea,
the life that the family of a fallen hero can have as a far cry from the life of
the family members of someone considered a traitor or a disaster,
Let's not get sidetracked.
The second assassination attempt against PARC occurred to justify five years
later in 1974,
the national theater of Korea during the day of celebration of liberation from
Japanese occupation. Interestingly,
it was a Japanese born North Korean infiltrator named moon sake,
Wang who shot the president from the audience. However, it was not parked,
but sadly his wife, the first lady who died shortly thereafter.
But if all of that seems like a movie, we haven't even finished the trailer yet.
Wait until we tell you what the North Koreans did in 1987 a year before the.
Olympics. Of course.
The North Korean dictator,
Kim Il-sung was not happy that South Korea was to host the 1998 Olympics
naturally during that year,
the South would be one of the main international players in the news,
a perfect opportunity to show the world the enormous development that the
country was experiencing.
So the first step the North Korean leader took was to a nine star kind of
parallel socialists Olympics. The so-called world,
youth and student festival would be held in North Korea in 1989.
This was a $4 billion event for which the prong young regime have built a giant
$200 million Olympic stadium. The famous may day stadium,
the largest in the world.
But.
Get the, at the time North Korea was already a very poor country.
It certainly doesn't seem like the best decision in the world to spend resources
you don't have on organizing a socialist Olympics while your people are
starving. Let's call that a dictator's whim.
But the fact is that unfortunately, the North Koreans did not stop there.
The worst was Kim's evil plan to wipe out the soul games,
a plan that was aimed at scaring the world and creating the feeling that the
idea that going to solve for the Olympics was not safe at all.
So what better way to do it than to shoot down a Korean airplane full of
passengers and new? We're not kidding you. In fact,
that is precisely what they did
In 1987 months before the 1998 Olympic games, two North Korean spies,
boarded flight eight five eight between Baghdad and soul with stops in Abu Dhabi
and Bangkok. The spies got off the plane at the Abu Dhabi,
stopover leaving a bomb with a timer in sight shortly thereafter,
the plane exploded killing 115 people during the escape.
The two spies Kim song, Ooh, a 70 year old man and Kim young,
white as 26 year old women were captured.
Kim song ELLs exceeded in ingesting the poison that North Korean spies always
carry on their missions, but chem young Y was not successful and was taken.
Sure.
He was traveling on a Japanese passport posing as a Japanese person because
she'd had language and monitors classes given to her in North Korea,
by a Japanese woman who had been kidnapped this by the way has been another of
North Korea's favorite activities for decades.
Kidnapping people from other countries, especially Japanese and South Korean.
The factor is that the female spine was sentenced to death,
but she got a presidential pardon?
It stood to reason that this woman was a valuable source of information for
South Korean services. And so of course she was worth more alive. However,
her expressions of repentance earned her South Korean nationality and even the
forgiveness of some of the victims families currently this former spine is 58
years old and lives in a secret location and South Korea secrets for fear of
being killed by North Korean agents,
she has offered several interviews and what she had said, things like these.
When I confessed, I did so reluctantly.
I thought my family in North Korea would be in danger.
It was a big decision to confess,
but I began to realize it would be the right thing to do for the victims,
for them to be able to understand the truth.
There is no other country like North Korea.
The whole country is set up to show loyalty to the GIM Royal family.
It's like a religion. There are no human rights, no freedoms.
Eventually when I met the victim's families, we were all in tears,
hugging and crying. Kim [inaudible] former North Korean spy.
Take notes because letting spies live and ensuring their safety to obtain
information is not the only protection measure that South Korea has developed.
In fact, it is not even the most important one.
The main one is the national security act formerly called the anticommunist.
This law regulates absolutely everything got contacts with the Northern
neighbor. For example, if a South Korean wants to travel to North Korea,
this law States that the trip could only take place.
If there is a very justified reason. And if it is approved by the government,
this act also prohibits all North Korean books or those that glorify the regime
or communism just as it serves as a legal umbrella for prosecuting and blocking
North Korean or pro Pyongyang websites.
This law is basically intended to eliminate any ideological content that the
North Korean regime could use to extend its influence in the South.
The question as though,
should a government limit access to its citizens of certain content.
Even if that content is an apology for totalitarianism,
this is not a minor question zoo and typical visual politics style.
Let's open up a debate in the comments. But anyway, at this point,
I'm sure some of you are thinking, okay, grant, okay,
these cases you've told us about or events that happened more than three decades
ago, that's a very long time ago, but what about now?
Are there still North Korean spies and the South?
The answer is yes, there has always been.
And while the number of operational commands is undetermined, of course,
they are believed to number in the hundreds.
They gather information terrorized South Korean officials and politicians steel,
industrial designs, and seek ways to bypass international sanctions.
But without a doubt,
the type of espionage that has the most pool right now for the North Koreans is
not this type of espionage.
Let's call it traditional the likes of double Oh seven of planted agents,
but the one that's going on on lane cyber espionage, in fact,
and just a few years,
North Korea has gone from making botch cyber attacks to being a much feared
country in the world of cybersecurity.
Something we have already talked about here on visual politic,
but would you like to know a little more about this new battlefield? If so,
let's go there.
Neo espionage. When it comes.
Comes to doing evil, all innovation can be bent to your will, right?
Do you remember the NSA techniques we saw in a pasta video?
If you haven't seen it, I'll leave a link in the description.
The fact is that this is exactly what North Korea,
one of the poorest and most technologically backward countries in the world
seems to have thought it currently has an elite squad of computer hackers.
We are talking about the apt three seven group,
a whole army of around 6,000 hackers who are fundamentally dedicated to three
things, carrying a computer attacks against enemy countries,
industrial espionage, particularly of the military industry.
And finally the creation and dispersal of viruses that create havoc and swindle
money. The most notorious of the latter was the one, a crime virus,
which attacked them disabled around 300,000 computers worldwide in 2017.
We that as we told you before North Korea has also used its army of cyber
soldiers to steal $81 million from a bank and Bangladesh and to destroy Sony
pictures, servers, and response to the film, the interview,
and which of the Kim Jong UN character was spoilers murdered.
But we don't even have to go that far back in time.
There is much more recent activity. Check count this headline.
August, 2020, North Korea, cyber attacks, Israel steals,
classifying data, which could be sold to Iran.
Yeah, that's right. It was confirmed just last month.
But the North Korean hackers had managed to defeat the cyber defenses of the
Israeli army. One of the most technologically prepared bodies in the world,
this attack, which technically was more industrial cyber spying,
focused on stealing data from weapons models.
And it's not certain where that data will end up and the factors that apart from
their own use,
we cannot forget a run as rails arch enemy as an ally of North Korea.
And they may have turned to the North Korean AP T3 seven group for sweet revenge
by taking over their most secret information.
The point is if and it's physical dimension,
the North Korean army doesn't seem to be ready to attack other countries or do
missions abroad.
Why not form a good team of hackers and do it over the internet from home?
Finally working remotely has come to North Korea.
The move seems masterful. What's more,
they can use this method to steal information from companies, for example,
patents, and then be able to produce their own copies. But now as always,
we leave over to you.
Do you think that South Korea should have responded militarily to the numerous
incursions of North Korean spice and special agents as the world safe from the
nascent North Korean cyber military superpower, as always,
we'll ask you to leave your answers in the comments.
So we really hope you enjoyed this video. Please hit Lake if you did.
And don't forget to subscribe for brand new videos. Also,
this channel is possible because of Patrion and our patrons on that platform.
Please consider joining them and supporting our mission of providing independent
political coverage. And as always, I'll see you then.